[doc] Some revamping (#314)
JuliaGPU/KernelAbstractions.jl: docs/src/quickstart.md

# Quickstart

## Terminology

> CUDA being the most popular GPU programming environment, we take it as a
> reference for defining terminology in KA. A *workgroup is called a block in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because CUDA is the most popular GPU programming environment, we can use it as a
reference for defining terminology in KA. A *workgroup* is called a block in
```

This sounded a little clunky. It was also missing an `*`

NVIDIA CUDA and designates a group of threads acting in parallel, preferably
in lockstep. For the GPU, the workgroup size is typically around 256, while for the CPU,
it is usually less than or equal to the number of CPU cores. An *ndrange* is
called a grid in NVIDIA CUDA and designates the total number of work items. If
using a workgroup of size 1 (non-parallel execution), the ndrange is the
number of items to iterate over in a loop.

## Writing your first kernel

Kernel functions are marked with the [`@kernel`](@ref). Inside the `@kernel` macro

> you can use the [kernel language](@ref api_kernel_language). As an example, the `mul2`` kernel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you can use the [kernel language](@ref api_kernel_language). As an example, the `mul2` kernel
```

# Quickstart

## Writing your first kernel

Kernel functions are marked with the [`@kernel`](@ref). Inside the `@kernel` macro
you can use the [kernel language](@ref api_kernel_language). As an example, the `mul2`` kernel
below will multiply each element of the array `A` by `2`. It uses the [`@index`](@ref) macro
to obtain the global linear index of the current work item.

```julia
@kernel function mul2_kernel(A)
  I = @index(Global)
  A[I] = 2 * A[I]
end
```

## Launching kernel on the host

> You can construct a kernel for a specific backend by calling the kernel
> function, with the first argument being the device of type `KA.Device`, the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```suggestion
You can construct a kernel for a specific backend by calling the kernel like so: `mul2_kernel(CPU(), 16)`. Here, the first argument being the device of type `KA.Device`, the
```

I think it flows better with some code. It also helps explain that the configuration is definitely different than the launch event.

Author: Reworked this section according to your suggestion.

second argument being the size

> of the workgroup and the third argument being a static `ndrange`. The second and

Reviewer: I don't know if it's mentioned elsewhere, but a quick dictionary might me nice:

1. A **workgroup* is also called a *block* in NVIDIA CUDA and designates the number of threads acting in parallel. For the GPU, this is usually something like 256, for the CPU, this is usually less than or equal to your number of cores
2. An **ndrange** is also called a *grid* in NVIDIA CUDA and designates the total number of items to work on. If you are using a workgroup of size 1 (non-parallel execution), the ndrange is the number of items to iterate over in a loop.

Author: Great, I took your snippet here and rephrased it a bit. For now, it's in the quickstart. Maybe at some point it should become a sperarate page.

> third arguments are optional. After instantiating the kernel, you can launch it by

Reviewer: Maybe "additional" instead of "third"?

Author: Changed.

calling the kernel object with these arguments and some keyword arguments
configuring the specific launch.

```julia
A = ones(1024, 1024)
ev = mul2_kernel(CPU(), 16)(A, ndrange=size(A))
wait(ev)
all(A .== 2.0)
```
`mul_kernel(CPU(), 16)` creates a kernel for the host device `CPU()` with a static
workgroup size of `16` and a dynamic `ndrange`. This function returns a kernel launched with the inputs
and the dynamic `ndrange` as a keyword argument via `kernel(A,ndrange=size(A))`.
The kernel
eventually returning an event `ev`. All kernels are launched asynchronously.
Thus, event `ev` specifies the current state of the execution.
The [`wait`] blocks the *host* until the event `ev` has completed on the device. This implies that the host will launch no new kernels on any device until the wait returns.
## Launching kernel on the device

To launch the kernel on a CUDA supported GPU we generate the kernel
for the device of type `CUDADevice` provided by `CUDAKernels` (see [backends](backends.md)).

```julia
using CUDAKernels # Required to access CUDADevice
A = CUDA.ones(1024, 1024)
ev = mul2_kernel(CUDADevice(), 16)(A, ndrange=size(A))
wait(ev)
all(A .== 2.0)

> ```

Reviewer: Also give an example for ROCM? There are configurations available in the example directory.

Author: Ok, I tried to put it in.
